This paper presented a theoretical framework for privacy-preserving
localisation combining the encryption scheme and filtering. In
particular, the private linear-combination aggregation has been adopted
in the presented framework. Basically, the contribution of the paper is
clearly indicated with an interesting and important topic. However,
some technical problems need to be further clarified. Therefore, a
major revision is necessary in my opinion.

1) Is any filtering method can be integrated into the presented
framework? If so, can we replace the method via numerical approach such
as particle filter.
2) How does the linear combination reflect the dynamics of the
investigated system in Eq.(2)?
3) Why is the noise of the system Gaussian? In Eq.(2), function f() is
known then what is the physical meaning of the Gaussian process noise?
4) In the paper, the noise is depended on covariance matrix $Q$ which
is also particularly used in Algroithm 1, however, in practice, Q is
unmeasurable and unknown. How to estimate the value of Q in terms of
performance guarantee. 
5) The experimental results are limited. The comparison is essential to
validate the performance of the presented algorithm. What about using
the existing filtering method to demonstrate the various encryption
scheme?
6) There are some typos in the manuscript please correct them, for
example, page 1 Notation, '$\left\|\underline a\right\|$ the vector
norm' should be '$\left\|\underline a\right\|$ is the vector norm' etc.